[DOCS] Clarify field data cache behavior (#64375)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/params/eager-global-ordinals.asciidoc

* Operations on parent and child documents from a `join` field, including
`has_child` queries and `parent` aggregations.

> NOTE: The global ordinal mapping use heap memory as part of the

Reviewer: `use` -> `uses`
```suggestion
NOTE: The global ordinal mapping uses heap memory as part of the
```

<<modules-fielddata, field data cache>>. Aggregations on high cardinality fields

> can use a significant amount of heap memory, and could exceed the threshold
> of the <<fielddata-circuit-breaker, field data circuit breaker>>.

Reviewer: I'd simplify this a little:
```suggestion
can use a lot of memory and trigger the <<fielddata-circuit-breaker, field data
circuit breaker>>.
```
